hey guys and welcome to another tutorial
by Tito Joker nice tutorial I will show
you how to downgrade your GTA san
andreas from version 2.0 down to 1.0 so
the reason why I want to do this is
because if your if your lights are
modified games like me so I changed the
friends and them or add files like new
cars to Grand Theft Auto then this is
what you need to do because you need
version 1.0 not version 2.0 ok so this
is how you're going to do it case you
want to go to your internet browser
non-google your - GTA san andreas
version one never see the black info and
then you want to click on top and then
you get these low then you into words in
this game copy world don't click that
one that's remember I've got tracks of
game copy world in another word to me
but instead you want to go to this one
called grand theft auto song address in
OCD tracks and the link is www dot free
info society if you click that then you
should get a page like this and if you
can't find that I'll leave a link to it
in the description
yeah ok then on this page races grand
theft auto san andreas no CD tracks
beneath that quick tracks for a version
1.0 and we should click that click Save
so it's your desktop
and then once it saved you can close
down your internet and then ill service
and sick so if you have said like me
I've got one right installed if you've
got wind RAM installed or wimzie both
7-zip or anything like that it or cream
hope is the program that's default for
them if you don't have any of those
programs installed it will just be a
normal windows the zip file so you can
just extract it that way because I've
got window room rack installed this is
where it looks like so all you want to
do is open up the files and you'll get
three files inside the one little say
that GTA SA exe will be a real nice on
crack dot txt which is a text file
format that gives you a little
explanation on how to install it but it
really doesn't because that's all that's
there knowing knowing for what's the
level seems close not done and then
there's the SH and STF NFL file so
you're just gonna run the GTA don't yet
see file and then the NFL file
okay so what you're gonna want to do is
if you have firm on your desktop if
you've got your desktop icon if you're
running Windows 7 and Vista you can
right click on the icon and click open
file location' I think you can on Vista
but on XP I know definitely that you
have to click properties and then this
button here also Open File target then
see you want to click that and the
to bring you to your director which is
this the Wilshire here what you want to
do is you want to drag the know I'm here
my only files are you want to delete you
want to delete your desktop icons oh so
you have no icon on your desktop and
then the folder in your duty a folder
directory you want to delete the
application starts up so it's it will be
GTA and described essay in law in their
cases it's going to click delete the yes
so you have no starter pack then we want
to do is in your zip file and adjourn
drag the gta:sa exe notice this one's in
capitals you want to drink that in t
there and if it says you need provided
administrator permission it's quick
continue you know there are then you
have to cut their Europe the S search
and STF to NFL integrate into the
folders while and then click continue
again and that's it then you can close
this down and do it that when you're
done so now you can play your GTA san
andreas in the version 1.0 you're not
only looking you play in that version
you don't need to use the disk either
you can just click the icon and play
like a desktop icon again you have to do
is
click on that and click send to desktop
and that's all you have to do now you
can do if you because it says chakra
like that you can click rename and move
it to G up to whatever you want
let's call it that by default and bad
really a minute it won't affect any of
you fellows whatsoever okay so I hope
you liked this tutorial and I hope you
watch now and please rate and subscribe